Neuropathy, do you know how many zeros there are in 10 million?
That's not your mouth
You can take it out when you touch it up and down.
Whether or not I can take it out is my business
If you want to follow the price, you can probably climb it.
Do you have the qualifications to compare wealth with me?
20 million a billion
This one-sided is worth up to 30 million
Is he crazy to dare to call 100 million?
It seems inevitable
That's a lot of money.
Not crazy you
Keep it.
I'll give it to you.
I'm polite, how can I take out this billion?
It seems that you don't really want to be busy.
Dumin, what are you trying to do?
Where did you get so much money?
I'm like the whole Li family
I can't come up with 100 million
Come out with confidence
Money is not a problem
One billion times
One hundred million twice
One hundred million three transactions
The problem is no money
Who says Mr. Lu has no money?
My money from the Jiangnan Chamber of Commerce
It's Mr. Lu's money
This guy really has a problem
Same as I thought.
What's up with this guy?
In the future, we can
Shen Zhiqiu, the richest man in Jiangnan, paid for him
Looks like a boss
Yu Jiao, this kid actually robbed a woman with this kind of boss
I really don't know the sky and earth
I received it and took a picture for you.
It's not safe here
You go home